# PyBer_Analysis_Challenge
## Overview
The purpose of this analysis was to create a new table of data for a ride share company, PyBer, based on new criteria. Using pandas we had to take the ride share data given to us to create a data frame of the data based on the types of cities the drivers operate in, urban, suburban, and rural. Additionally, we were tasked for creating a line graph of all the three city types on a line graph to compare total weekly fares for each city type over time. 

## Results
Based on the data given and the line graph within the "Resources" folder titled "PyBer_fare_summary.png" its clear to see that the Urban areas have the highest total profits, followed by suburban, and then rural. This may be attributed to the population density of the city types, urban areas usually having a higher population than suburban and rural areas. If you look at the "Pyber_fare_dataframe.png" in the "Resources" folder it shows that the highest fare total for urban was $2466.29 while the highest in the rural area was $501.24. It is also clear to see that after the month of May, all city types saw a precipitous drop in total fares. Urban saw a drop of $1568.54 from the week of May 5th ($2178.57) to the week of May 12th ($610.03) and Suburban, in that same week span, dropped from $1164.78 in total fares to $308.21. In urban and Suburban areas this may be attributed to the change in weather. The warmer weather may encourgae more people to walk to where they need to go rather than to hire a ride share. 

## Summary
Based on the data provided, we can make some business recommendations for the CEO of PyBer. First would be to increase marketing and advertising in rural and suburban areas to increase profits. Doing so will expand their reach to more people in the area and possible use of their app. Another recommendation is too offer a special deal or reduced rate for riders in the month of may to increase the number of rides. As discussed earlier, May saw a large drop in all three city types and a promotional advertisement may increase usage during that month. Finally, do ana anlysis as to what is keeping people in rural areas specifically from using ride sharing apps. Are the drivers charging too high of a fare discouraging use? Is there little use for the app in the area? These are questions that need to be asked to see if there is a possibility of increasing profit.